well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're gonna talk about all the
news coming out of new york what it
means long term
what the implications are for various
groups
before we get into it because there's a
whole bunch of new people on the channel
i feel like i should make a disclosure
i have a long documented history
of supporting the second on this channel
you can find it
huge supporter massive okay
it's not a secret but i feel like i
should disclose it before i say this
especially given what i'm gonna say um
okay so what's actually happening up
there if you don't know the attorney
general
is moving to moving in a direction that
if successful
could lead to the disillusion of the nra
the allegations they center on
corporate misconduct okay
yeah this is not an attack on the second
it's not it has to do with corporate
behavior um
i would also like to point out that
generally speaking the
nra does not represent owners
it represents manufacturers it's a
lobbying group
that's i mean at the end of the day
that's what they are
it will be framed as an attack on the
second
by republicans that's how they're going
to try to push it
and to prove that an hour ago
the president of the united states
tweeted this nonsense
just like radical left new york is
trying to destroy the nra
if biden becomes president your great
second amendment all capital letters
doesn't doesn't have a chance
your guns will be taken away immediately
and without
notice no police no guns
yeah that sounds good and everything you
know except none of that's true
but i want to give you a different quote
tell me if you can guess who said it
i like taking the guns early
like in this crazy man's case that just
took place in florida
to go to court would have taken a long
time
take the guns first go through due
process second
now let's go back to that allegation
your guns will be taken away immediately
and without notice
what he is accusing joe biden of
is something he has actively advocated
himself
joe biden hasn't to be clear joe biden
is not my man
um and i know
those in the second those who are
more concerned about their political
party than their principals would say
well he was talking about this special
case
yeah but see we don't get to know that
because due process comes afterward
trump is not a supporter of the second
amendment he never has been
he never has been okay so what's the
response from the other side
the republicans are going to go after a
different group probably a family
planning group
and they're going to try to use the same
legal tactics
against them at the end of the day what
both sides need to remember
is that this is the u.s if you
successfully defund
ban or whatever anything it just becomes
a second market
it's the us we thrive on less than legal
markets
it's our thing i mean the only thing we
like more than that
is liberating other countries under
false pretenses
um
the this is set up a political
battle um i think it's kind of a good
thing because i do think that a lot of
supporters of the second need to know
the president's actual views
and i think it would do them some good
to see how the nra actually spends their
money
because it's not spent the way they
think
and i think those would be two
by-products of this
but there is also a pretty big risk
of
attorney generals of the various states
becoming politically motivated now i
don't know that that's what this case is
the nra
they very well could be guilty of what
they're being accused of
i don't know i haven't seen the evidence
and i will withhold judgment until then
but i will tell you as a staunch
supporter of the second
i do not have a high opinion of the nra
i never have
any time they're needed they're
completely silent
because they represent manufacturers and
manufacturers biggest clients best
clients
are cops
those are the ones that have the most
lucrative deals
so they don't want their group to stand
up
against any overreach the nra
doesn't really represent gun owners to
my way of thinking
represents manufacturers and i think
that if you give money to them
you might want to know how that money
spent i think you're going to find out
i don't think you're going to be happy
at the end of the day
it's another development in 2020 that's
going to have long
lasting implications and we're going to
have to ride it out
but i think the benefits on this one may
outweigh the negative sides and we'll
have to see
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day